README.md, before:

# Book Search Engine

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

For this project, I took a fully functioning Google Books API search engine built with a RESTful API, and refactored it to be a GraphQL API built with Apollo Server. The app was built using the MERN stack, with a React front end, MongoDB database, and Node.js/Express.js server and API.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Deployed application](#deployed-application)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

## Usage

## Deployed application

## Screenshots

## Credits

[Starter code](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/solid-broccoli)

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 sarasg89

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

added link to deployed app and screenshots to readme

README.md, after:

# Book Search Engine

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

For this project, I took a fully functioning Google Books API search engine built with a RESTful API, and refactored it to be a GraphQL API built with Apollo Server. The app was built using the MERN stack, with a React front end, MongoDB database, and Node.js/Express.js server and API.

## Table of Contents

- [Deployed application](#deployed-application)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Deployed application

This application has been deployed on Heroku. Please check it out [here](https://find-me-a-book.herokuapp.com/).

## Screenshots

![Screenshot of the application](./assets/screenshots/search.png)

![Screenshot of the application](./assets/screenshots/login.png)

![Screenshot of the application](./assets/screenshots/save2.png)

![Screenshot of the application](./assets/screenshots/delete.png)

## Credits

[Starter code](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/solid-broccoli)

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 sarasg89

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
